.Dd May 04, 2014
.Dt CHECKIN 1
.Os
.
.Sh NAME
.Nm checkin.cfg
.Nd checkin configuration file - currently concept page
.
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Bl -tag
. It Pa ~/.config/checkin/checkin.cfg
. It Pa ~/.checkinrc
.El
.
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Eo
. No This configuration file is used to set user-specific settings
. No which are (usually) not supported by the commandline switches,
. No because including them would bloat the commandline.
.Ec
.
.No Every setting belongs to one of two categories:
.Bl -dash
. It
contract-specific
. It
independent
.El
.Eo
. No Independent settings are user-specific global settings which are
. No are read in every mode and with every commandline-switch.
. No Contract-specific settings are a little bit more complicated.
. No A contract is a specific time you work for someone, in my case these
. No times are usually very short
. Po
.  No three to six months, after that a
.  No new contract must be negotiated
. Pc
. No . For this time-period some
. No administration specific values are relevant when one tries to
. No fill his or her timecard. For example the contract number. These
. No contract-specific settings are in effect whenever we work on
. No timeslots which belong to a contract Pq determined by time-period Ns .
.Ec
.Eo
. No Now to the syntax of the configuration file.
. No A normal setting would be set by a line like this:
.
. Em key = value Ns .
.
. Em [contract] No starts a new contract entry.
.
. Em ; No is the comment-character.
.Ec
.
.Ss independent Settings
.Em verbose No - true/false Pq Em false No - corresponds to the Fl v Ns -switch.
.Ss contract-specific Settings
.Em starts
.No  -
.Qq DD.MM.YYYY
.Ns /
.Ns Qq MM/YYYY
.Ns , required - sets a contract start-date.

.Em ends
.No -
.Qq DD.MM.YYYY
.Ns /
.Qq MM/YYYY
.Ns , required - sets a contract end-date.

.Em contract
.No  - text, optional - sets an identification for this contract
.Pq perhaps a transactionnumber

.Em description
.No - text, optional - an optional description which has no impact on programbehaviour.
.Sh FILES
.Bl -tag
. It Pa ~/.config/checkin/checkin.cfg
.  Pp
.  No Per user configuration file. See Xr checkin 5 No for further details.
. It Pa ~/.checkinrc
.  Pp
.  No Alternative file - not yet supported.
. It Pa ~/.config/checkin/times.db
.  Pp
.  No User-specific timeslot database.
.El
.
.Sh ENVIRONMENT
.No Some settings can also be set via environment variables.
.No A list of those variables will soon be available.
.
.Sh AUTHOR
.An Tim Reddehase Aq Mt robustus@rightsrestricted.com
.
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Bl -tag
. It
.  Xr checkin 5
. It
.  Lk https://github.com/0robustus1/checkin "checkin project page"
. It
.  Lk http://rightsrestricted.com homepage
.El
