.Dd May 04, 2014
.Dt CHECKIN 1
.Os
.
.Sh NAME
.Nm checkin
.Nd checking in time your worked on something
.
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
. Fl l
. Op Fl f Pa config-file
. Op Fl d Ar date
.Nm
. Fl s
. Op Fl f Pa config-file
. Op Fl d Ar date
.Nm
. Op Fl d Ar date
. Fl b Ar time Fl e Ar time
.
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
allows you to keep track of your worked time.
.Pp
You can checkin so called
.Em timeslots
to represent given work hours.
.Pp
You can also list your worked time in a month by hours for each day.
.
.Sh OPTIONS
.Bl -tag
. It Fl b Ar time
.  No Defines the given Em time No as the starttime of a timeslot.  Format is: Qq HH:MM Ns .
.  No Forces occurrence of Fl e Ns .
.  No Assumes the current day if no date is specified by using the Fl d Ns -switch.
. It Fl d Ar date
.  No  Assumes the given Date for the other switches.
.  No  This switch support different formats dependend on which
.  No  it is used with.
.  Bl -tag
.   It No when using Fl l No or Fl s Ns : Qq MM/YYYY
.   It No when using Fl b No and Fl e Ns : Qq DD.MM.YYYY
.  El

. It Fl e Ar time
.  No Defines the given Em time No as the endtime of a timeslot.
.  No Format is: Qq HH:MM Ns .
.  No Forces occurrence of Fl b Ns . Assumes the current day if no date
.  No is specified by using the Fl d Ns -switch.

. It Fl f Pa config-file
.  No Instead of using the default Pa config-file
.  Pq residing in Pa ~/.config/checkin/checkin.cfg
.  No another Pa config-file No as denoted by the argument is used.

. It Fl l
.  No Lists the worked time for each day in the current month. If another
.  No month is suggested by the Fl d Ns -switch this month Pq and year
.  No is used instead.

. It Fl s
.  No Prints the status of the current month. By default it only
.  No presents the worked hours and minutes of the current month
.  Po
.   No which is overriden by the Fl d Ns -switch
.  Pc
.  No .
.  No If specified in a Pa config-file No it shows more useful stats.

. It Fl v
.  No Be more verbose...!
.El
.
.Sh SHELL
.Nm
.No also support an interactive mode. This is commonly known as a shell.
.No You can start the shell by invoking Nm checkin No without any arguments.
.Bl -tag
. It Sy list
.  No Invokes list display of the current month. Also takes optional month argument, or
.  No month/year argument.
. It Sy start
.  No Starts a so-called recording session. The current time will be stored.
.  No This way you can dynamically allocate the worked time, by just checking in
.  No at the beginning (and end), of your work. Works in conjunction with Sy stop Ns .
. It Sy stop
.  No Stops a running recording session. The current time will be stored as the end
.  No of the timeslot. You will be askes for confirmation. Confirmation
.  No can be provided by either entering "y" or "yes". "n" and "no" will deny storage and
.  No the timeslot will be Em lost Ns .
.El
.
.Sh FILES
.Bl -tag
. It Pa ~/.config/checkin/checkin.cfg
.  Pp
.  No Per user configuration file. See Xr checkin 1 No for further details.
.El
.
.Sh AUTHOR
.An Tim Reddehase Aq Mt robustus@rightsrestricted.com
.
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Bl -tag
. It
.  Xr checkin 5
. It
.  Lk https://github.com/0robustus1/checkin "checkin project page"
. It
.  Lk http://rightsrestricted.com homepage
.El
